# Meeting minutes 2021-12-08


* Ibis and the boys are supposedly all healed up from the Miami trip.  Welcome back. 
* Rokindo asks how the project and smart contract setup will work.
* Dev Team mentions that the current Mainnet contract is simple for now. Future contracts will have more utility.   
  * As of now, the smart contract can :
    1. use a token to create a proposal/datum
    2. Will allow ADAO to get a picture of how much time tokens have been staked
    3. Can mint and burn 

* **The question was asked:**  Why does ADAO wait for a minimum of 5 days from the time of proposal before being able to initiate a vote?
* **The answer:** Although these parameters are in constant discussion and subject to change, the 5 days serves multiple purposes:
  * It aligns with the 5 day, epochal rhythm of Cardano
  * It gives enough time notice for voters to be present and prepared. 
  * comment made that a user could maybe choose the number of epochs (greater to or equal to 1 whole epoch) that a proposal/vote action

* ADAO Member reminds the group that as of now, a certain percentage of voters must be present to initiate a vote and that a certain percentage of those voters must be yes/no to pass a decision. 

* The group is reminded of prior discussions on a time parameter sliding scale. So the higher the percentage of present voters, the lower the amount of time needed to process the vote.



* There is a short discussion on Proof of Merit.  
  * It is said that Everyone should have the ability to show merit and bring value to the DAO. 

* **ADAO member reiterates how open and willing ADAO is for new members to ask questions and contribute. This openness and dialogue is a major feature of ADAO and will remain so.**


* Question posed on the issue of concurrency.
  * Dev Team doesn’t see it as an issue and if action was needed in the future , it is certainly doable. 

* Question posed on the potential use of DIDs. 
  * The current setup is that NFTs will be used to validate identity. But more advanced forms of DIDs are certainly in ADAOs future - including Atala Prism. 

* Public Service Announcement by QUASAR:
  * Every so often a person should check if their video is turned on. 
  * The group likely nodded in agreement 

* Back to DIDs - ADAPH, an identity solutions project on Cardano is mentioned. ADAPH uses an identity token that a person can easily mint to prove your identity to services who accept it. 
  * LINK to project : https://identity.adaph.io/


* Question posed on whether ADAO should entertain ZK (zero knowledge) proofs. 
  * Dev team says it can be done but would take some learning and work before being able to implement
 
## ANNOUNCEMENT 
ADAO Member Adam has just submitted the edited Catalyst proposal.  Tomorrow is the cutoff date.   Good luck everyone.  

## TOPIC for further discussion 
* The voting and proposing time parameters 
* Ability of voters to delegate their voting power
* ADAO needs a wallet address for project Catalyst.
* Suggestion is made to get ADAHandle on to discuss working together.  The group believes it would be beneficial to get ADAO as a handle.  Having that handle could help streamline certain processes like getting tokens sent directly to the treasury and staked. 
* DIDs
