# Meeting 2021-12-15

* _The meeting opened with a guest but also member, from Metadex. https://metadex.fi/_
  * _Talks of continuing discussions and doing research together moving forward._
* At least one member of ADAO is very interested to collaborate on publishing de-fi and DAO research. 
  * It is believed that this research and what we are doing with ADAO can set the foundation for the Voltaire era in Cardano. 

## Legal conversation ensues: 
* questions come up about where is the best place to legally form the dao 
  * _Maybe Wyoming ?  What protections does that offer?_
* ADAO wants to be on the cautious side and look to find legal and practical precedents that exist in other projects and on other chains 

* Members have heard of an instance where the algorithm is the primary agent of the DAO. In this case, the smart contract has to be functional enough to be managed by the algorithm.  But with the lack of regulative clarity on the issue - you can never be too sure 

* Over the next few days and into next week members will work to produce proposals on the legal issues facing the DAO.  
  * Is it time to retain legal counsel and should that counsel be from within or from outside the DAO itself?

* In closing for legal - the bullseye is on Cardano’s back for one reason or another, so therefore it will also fall on the DAO of DAOs on cardano.  
  * We want to do things the right way while pushing decentralized technology forward.

* Question is asked about if ADAO can stake from the smart contract and have we looked at hybrid wallets?  
  * Hybrid wallet where ADA as a script address but delegation can go to whoever provides liquidity to the dex. 


* **Question to research:  Which project has an algorithm serving as the primary agent?**

## ADAO upcoming appearance schedule:

* Looking to set up a twitter space to continue to discussions on tokenomics and more.  Possible guest spot at CNFT Convo at  23:00 UTC (7pm EST). 
* Friday, Dec 17, 18:00 UTC (1pm EST), DAOs Cardano Roundtable (Podcast via Zoom) 
* SUNDAY, Dec 19, 16:55 UTC (12:30 pm EST), ADAO, represented by Lovecoach and at least one members from the Dev team, will join the Catalyst Roundtable to discuss the ADAO proposal. The podcast will be recorded via Zoom.
* SUNDAY, Dec 19, 16:30 UTC (11:30 am EST), RealFi twitter space w/Empowa, ADAO, & MetaDex


