# Meeting 2021-12-01

* guests from MADAO are present, and they also have a proposal in catalyst.  
  * Their information can be found in our Friends and Affiliates channel.  
  * They are a basic-income project who needs help getting code and tokens on chain.  
  * ADAO recommends first using Testnet and that the tools they seek may already be available.
* ADAO will look to help them find someone who can help guide their next step.
* Discussion turned to Mutual Aid Societies and how they have over time lost their way and turned into huge for-profit business conglomerates.  BUT, decentralization can reverse this and ultimately bring us back to our roots.

## ADAO NEXT STEPS:

* Over the next couple of days, we will work to gain as much feedback as we can on the proposals.  
* Member Cinnabun will setup a meeting with our catalyst mentor, Felix Weber
  *  Felix is a great asset and has a wealth of catalyst knowledge. 
  *  Felix has already highlighted three areas that proposals would be wise to focus on :  
     1.  **IMPACT.**
     2.  **FEASABILITY.**  
     3.  **AUDITABILITY.**   
     4.  Secret 4th area: **ADJUSTABILITY**      
  * By Saturday/Sunday we should have figured out our proposal adjustments and then spend early next week finalizing for submission.  
  * **The deadline for submission is December 9.**

* Rekt is currently having some issues testing the treasury and will require 2 volunteers .  
  * The volunteers mentioned would be: 
    1. **TCT** 
    2. **Lovecoach**

### Creative Seesion

* Lizards falling from trees
* Blue Atala butterflies off the coast of south florida
* How cold is too cold? Quasar says "72" (22 c)
* Member Ibis brought up the concept of a mentorship DAO.  
  * Members agree that mentorship is an excellent way to learn.
* Member Rekt mentions that Alessandro from Berry pool has written a smart contract for NFTs that could become the new standard.  
  * We should look into it
 
####token distribution

* The Minswap model was successful. 
* We will continue to examine it and try to find ways to even improve it where possible.
