# General Meeting 2022-03-10

* This general meeting followed a meeting with Aldea DAO. 
  * Aldea is a DAO focused on Latin America and empowering Spanish speakers to solve local problems


* Community Management is becoming a big deal in the web3 space. 
  * Organizing servers
  * managing lines of communication  
  * management of bots are all growing in importance. 

* **ADAO is just about finished revamping the discord server. The team did a great job making the transition seamless.** 
  * suggested: Find ways to better utilize the Tools channel. 


#### Twitter space meeting on Saturdays:
* Members are generally in favor of keeping the Saturday twitter space prior to the general meeting.  
* There is still a need to find the right formatting of that actual space and then how to transition over to the general meeting from there. 
    * sample structure for a 1hour Twitter space:
      1. review of past week ADAO activity 
      2. member/partner projects give their updates
      3. half hour open discussion

* **Update on Done Collectively project by Randall:*
  * There will be a review of the platform on Friday 4pm EST/19:00 UTC
  * ADAO is serving as a major testing ground for Done Collectively
  * Done Collectively is in Catalyst Fund 8

* **Marketing update:** 
  * finishing up at least version 1 of the brand identity guide.  Anticipated completion is this weekend (3/13/22) 

 
* The remainder of the meeting was used to do some live multi-sig testing between a few members.  Testing showed favorable results 

### Development update: multi-sig. 
* The app is around 90% complete
* There is an alpha/data version available 
* the current version is able to be used for testing 
* some work still needed on the UI
* **_The development team is at a point where they are now going back over and over to iron out any kinks they find._**
