# Meeting 2022-02-17

## General information
* This meeting once again followed an Introductory Meeting that lasted :45 minutes. 

* **Multi-sig interface** needs to be reviewed and there are a few options to potentially choose from.  “Reese” created an interface that is very nice and useable. 

* Chris has done a French translation for the Intro to ADAO article. 

* **_Question :  How many judges/reviewers would be appropriate to put towards evaluating the work done in a Working Group?  When we assign a contract, what standards are there for review ?_**
  1. Varies by bounty type.  The complexity of the work and the importance of the tasks will require different levels of oversight 
  2. At least a couple of people from within the workgroup have to be overseers
  3.  When large contracts are assigned, look into requiring that the performing party puts up collateral possibly in the form of a performance bond

* **Token Drop:**  Best ways to distribute the tokens
  1.  Drip Dropz
  2.  Hosky Bowl 
  3.  Our own faucet
      * This would also allow us to collect fees that can then be used to fund other distribution methods

* Nate :
  - is looking to add policy information from the V2 Gov token to Cardanoscan
  - Looking to improve the partnership page of the ADAO website to make it more interactive with direct links to partner projects 

* **Digital Identity**
  * Note regarding Atala PRISM and its ability to be a useful tool to help governance and voting for ADAO
    * Feeling is that Atala is not well understood, it is kept somewhat private and that it seems to be tailored more towards institutional level agencies such as governments. 

* New member Kevin with project **JORNLR - Proof of Journalism**.  
  * This a project that rewards block production to journalism that meets certain quality standards as decided by a decentralized editorial community. 



* **Saturday Feb 19 is the final discussion regarding bounty distribution and the finalization of necessary documents such as the Constitution.**


* Discord numbers keep rising as well as the rate of participation of new members.
