# Meeting 2022-01-27

* Catalyst Voting is going on now and ends on Feb 3
* Following an ADAO introductory meeting, this meeting was shorter than usual.  
  * The introductory meeting went well and it is determined that :30 min is sufficient time for it and not :45 min. 

* Website v2 work continues and will be completed on Jan 29th, in three days. 

* The initial development work for Rats DAO is nearing completion and will be done by epoch’s end. 

* The ADAO governance token design is discussed and there are members who would like to see a couple of alternate color schemes, especially using a darker Blue. 

## Legal update:
* The Constitution is progressing steadily.  The sentiment is very positive about where this is going. 

* As of now, setting up foundation in Lichtenstein seems one of the best options.

* There is an understanding that there are about 4 membership distinctions:
  * Community associate
  * Active contributor
  * Gov token holder
  * Core contributor/Advisor
* **Question: Are we actively looking for partnerships and collaborations?**
* Answer: Yes as long as we can handle the development load -  it is best to focus currently on partnerships that are looking for treasury assistance. 

* DC Spark talks about collaboration.  
  * Members chime in that they are in favor of that. 

* Regarding the Conclave paper on decentralized stake pools 
  * Working to get one or more of the writers of the paper to speak to ADAO and help design a possible conclave stake pool. 

* ADAO just produced its first translated material with the Medium article being translated to Spanish. 


Written by Sims
