* Currently an open vote in the Voting Hall tab.  Description : Deployment of token claim site and staking portal to Mainnet.

* There has been contact with Jona from Emurgo and there seems to be opportunity to work together especially through the ADAO Education WG. A more engaged meeting with them should be set up in the near future. 

* The Egyptian continues to work on the ADAO NFT design.  100% of proceeds from the NFT sale go back to ADAO

* The creation of a DAO Alliance continues to progress, with Nin Trahn being a point of contact for those interested in contributing more. 

* There has been talks with the Terra Virtua folks regarding possible integrations with their metaverse. 
    * There are and will be many opportunities for both education and other valuable contributions in these metaverses.  ADAO plans to be right in the middle of that. 

- The Summon DAO association is now formed. This brings the platform to a new set of questions and possibilities to sort through, including what sort of utility the Summon tokens have and how the relationship between ADAO and Summon would continue to work, especially regarding contributions and bounties 
    - A partnership channel was created where discussion on this can be had.  Participation from multiple parties is encouraged. 
    - It is important to document and keep refining methods of how ADAO and Summon continue to benefit the community at large and how the community can contribute to those organizations as well. 

- Staking portal article is complete and will be published at a strategic time in the very near term to coincide with the launch of the portal. 

- Rare Bloom event : preparations continue and jockeying for the best booth positioning is still very much happening. Ideas are being discussed on how to hand out special merchandise to fans and supporters, preferably linked to specifically ADAO items like the NFT and the staking portal. 
