# Meeting notes 2022-02-09

## **_Following an Intro to ADAO meeting_**


* Discussion on the task of determining how many tokens to award for different bounties.  Because there is no value assigned to the tokens, there is no right or wrong amount of tokens to give out.  
* But by not over-rewarding, it creates a long runway for the operating expenses of the DAO, allowing more work to be done. 

* There is continued work on determining which bounties will go in this first groundwork Omnibus proposal.  
* Members should have their proposals in before **February 19th**, at which point a discussion and vote to approve the proposals will take place.   
* A bounty proposal should be made by members seeking reimbursement for actions already performed, such as purchasing domain names and the ADA handle 
* **Put your work bounty in FRAME 19 of the Miro board**
* Start thinking about how to fund working groups and how those funds would be overseen


* _“The future will bring more stability”_ to operations, and we are getting close to that.
## Meeting minutes vs Meeting notes: 

* Currently the meeting minutes are more in the form of notes.  
* This is done to make it easier for new members to read and get a general sense of what is going on.  
* Moving forward, ADAO may look to incorporate more detailed minutes, or more detailed minutes at certain times.

### Missed a meeting?

* Missing one ADAO general meeting should not put you in a bad position.  With varied member schedules spread out across many timezones, it is OK.  
* This is another reason why communication measures such as meeting minutes are important.  
* You should get a good enough understanding of the meeting to feel as if you did not miss too much. 

## ADAO search engine visibility
* On google search, ADA DAO token currently comes up before us. 
* On DuckDuckGo, ADAO comes up first with both our website and the Github of the Constitution.  The cardanocube article also has high visibility.
  * we need CardanoCube to link our new website as they currently have our old version linked  
* It is also now time to focus on the next group of contributors.  There is a growing number of members doing great work outside of the core contributors. 
  * It is important to recognize this and reward appropriately. 


* **Do you have to be a member to contribute to ADAO?** 
  * Although it is easy enough to do so, you do not have to be a member to contribute, but you do need to have a staked Cardano wallet. 

## Press Release/ Marketing/ Communication

* Looking to put out information prior about the community airdrop portions of the distribution. Need to craft something by next week. 

## Partnership/Collaboration updates: 
* Work continues with RatsDAO
* Ready to move forward and learn more about the project with Josh

##ä What is a partnership ? 
* A loose term. A partnership is two groups moving together forward at a particular time. 

## ADAO writing content: 

* It is encouraged that anyone can write on any topic through ADAO. We want to produce quality content that benefits the greater community. 
* Ok to have guests from other projects publish work through ADAO

## Project Catalyst
* The upcoming catalyst fund 7 vote was discussed. As we await results [update: ADAO proposal did not receive funding], we are reminded that Catalyst is still evolving and there are many aspects that need improvement.
* To note, any group can sponsor their own challenge category, similar to what Coti did.  This is something ADAO may be interested in for Fund 9.


_Written by Sims edited by Lovecoach_
