# General Meeting 2022-03-02


**_Discussion opens with the question of whether or not to accept the new version of Discord that was designed by a few members.  The members asked where and how to propose the change - and whether or not this is something that would be voted on in the discord or elsewhere._** 
  * Recommendations were made for the members to create proposals
  * There are proposal templates on the Miro board. 
* Members asked about what permissions are necessary to be able to organize the server and bots. 
  * You need certain role privileges to perform certain changes to the server. 
  * A vote can be held to grant a member new role permissions.  
  * @desertDemons requested the necessary role enhancement to continue work. 
**_Question: How does a member approach the community about needing help with their own project?_**
* A member of the community has the opportunity to work with others in ADAO.  
* Members should feel free to discuss projects and seek help within ADAO.  
* A good way to go about this is to submit proposals detailing the help needed.

**_Question on what tools are available now:_**
* ADAO currently can help projects with their 1st step tools: treasury management and soon voting tools. More advanced governance and smart contract tooling will continue to be developed within ADAO and also in collaboration with other Cardano projects.

* **Important: The discord server will need to be optimized to accommodate the growing community**


**ADAO Proposal System** 
* Proposals can come in multiple forms:  
  * _You can have proposals that request tokens_
  * _You can also have proposals that request that a particular action be done_  
  * It is also a matter of preference on how detailed and descriptive the proposer wants to make it. 

### Administrative WG
* Update to Miro board was performed during the admin group meeting this week. 
* The board has been cleaned up and has placed a heavier focus on The Working Groups themselves- making it easier for members to find those groups and to give them enough space for collaboration. 

### Legal WG
* Meeting set with Matt for next week to discuss Lichtenstein foundation further.

### Governance WG
* continues research on DAO governance in general with a recent look at the Governor Alpha/Bravo protocol. 
* Agora, from Liqwid Labs, is a new model that is now being reviewed as well. 

Question on what tools are available now:
    - ADAO currently can help projects with their 1st step tools: treasury management and soon voting tools. More advanced governance and smart contract tooling will continue to be developed within ADAO and also in collaboration with other Cardano projects. 

### Catalyst Proposals for Fund8: 
* Proposals will mainly come from the individual working groups themselves.  
* It is encouraged that groups make it clear that the proposals are connected to ADAO. 


