# GENERAL MEETING 2022-03-26 

### Check out ADAOs Catalyst proposals!
1. Summon DAO: Project Incubator - ADAO will create a specialized team to focus on helping promising projects implement their DAO infrastructure.
    - https://cardano.ideascale.com/c/idea/405124
2. ADAO Multi-sig Wallet UI - a user friendly interface to simplify the process of decentralized coordination of DAO treasury transactions.
    - https://cardano.ideascale.com/c/idea/404475
3. ADAO Education & Marketing Content - Build a library of educational and marketing DAO content.
    - https://cardano.ideascale.com/c/idea/405138

## Updates from Working groups (~5min per Group):

### Education
- Discussion about the different topics the working group wants to work on


### Legal

- Member of the WG has been reaching out to legal firms in Liechtenstein
- Costs of establishing a foundation in Liechtenstein = $ 30.0000 + legal costs
- How to raise funds?

**NFT fundraising**
- Sell an ADAO NFT which will fund the costs of establishing the ADAO foundation
  - Include royalties in Metadata that automatically fund treasury
    - Potential issue with missing datum in Tx
- Dedicated working group was formed

**_To-Do's:_**
- Brainstorm ideas
  - What artists should we contact?
  - etc.
   
### Community Management

- Working group came together and discussed ideas on how we can better use Twitter Spaces to engage with the community

**Ideas**
- Twitter space event: **Decentralization Week**
- Special Twitter spaces for seven days in a row covering all things decentralization and ADAO
- Goal: Boost decentralization and strengthen overall knowledge when it comes to decentralization
- Could become an annual event
- Mini WG has been formed in the public relations channel
  - Reach out to Naste or Cinnamonbun if you want to help!

### Graphic design and media

- **Brand & Identity guide has been released!**
- Check it out!


### Development
#### Roundtable - Multi-Sig Web-dApp
- Refinement phase
- Testnet version is available
- We have been reaching out to wallet providers
  - Flint
  - Eternl (ccvault)

#### Staking portal:
• Changing a bit on the on-chain code
• Off-chain code is missing
• Timeline: ~end of month April
• Lots of integration work
- AGORA:
• Working on the front-end for AGORA
• We could use the design from Rhys

What's coming next?

      
      ADAO faucet for early supporters
      1. Release of the Multi-Sig Web-dApp 
- Questions:
○ We want to have as much as possoible to run on the client (in the browser)
○ A lot of P2P between multi-sig parties
§ Technically figured it out
○ Improved design
○ We could release it to RatsDAO soon
○ Slow release:
§ Use ADAO as an example on mainnet
§ To pay out bounties
○ Polishing the design by SAKE
○ When you construct the address:
§ Hash will be created with policy script and address
○ Next week: test-case with ADAO
2. Enable donations to the ADAO treasury (?)
a. Possible in the next website design
b. Sub-domain: website we have to 
3. ADAO faucet for early supporters:
a. Riley and DZ could go through it as fast as possible
b. Go to testnet
      TBD
