# Meeting Legal Working Group 2022-01-01

* **We want to stick with the name ADAO to establish our trademark**
  * Discussion about acquiring an ADAO domain
  * Would help with the trademark
## Comments from Aleks:
*	**ADAO has a good shot with trademarking their name**
    * There is consistency 
    * Only issue is the website: theadadao.com
    * Member managed LLC would be an option
    *	Cardano is unique because we don't have multi-sig wallet. There is no group of members that have control.
    *	We should have a wall that protects us from potential legal risks.
* **How should we proceed with forming a legal wraper around ADAO?**
  *	We need legal counsel in every country we want to incorporate in
* **Issues:**
  * We only have few people on the ground to understand legislature
  * US legislation is important.
  * _Every member of every DAO lives in the physical world, which means that despite its counterculture appeal, opting not to incorporate as a legal entity is a bad idea for DAOs._
*	**Common practices of other DAOs:**
    *	2 legal entities forming around the DAO

 
## Comments from TCT:
* Who purchased domains for ADAO?
  * Cristobal and Nate
## Comments from	Adam:
* Income from our Escrow Service Tool:
  *	Revenue generated has to be taxed.
  *	We could potentially be sued by users. Currently we are not protected. General partnership 
 
 
*	2 Version of DAO LLCs
    * Memeber managed
    * Algorithm managed:
      *	Who gets in trouble when sued? 
      * They have a registered agent
 
*	Work for Token could count as a security
 
 
 
## To-Do:
*	Aleks will get in touch with lawyers from Australia and Switzerland
*	Adam will reach out to Jeremy to research the Cardano Foundations legal wraper
    * How does the Swiss Foundation work?	
*	Aquiring _Theadao.io_ domain
*	Register ADAO Trademark - Will happen when we have an entitiy.
*	Research about how other DAOs are set up legally - Miro Board
*	Accelarate Design of GovToken ton include ADAO name - Tommy
*	Research Wyoming DAO law

