June 1 ADAO General Meeting

“TCT receives mysterious funds… or are they?”

- Staking Portal :
    - Plans for staking rewards/incentives are still being discussed and ideas welcomed. 
    - Exploring utilities such as a staking Button on project websites. 
    - NFT staking also to be available 
    - The development of Features should not hold back a launch. Features are constantly in developement 

	-  Origin Aether will be distributed for staking ADAO to LP tokens. 
	
- Hazelnet Bot :  that interaction could use a better visual interface.   A member suggests that when proposing a vote, take a screen shot of the vote and attach a proposal link 

- Proposals floating around the ADAO space :
    - 1) Proposal for new round table features
    - 2) Fracada 
    - 3) Rewarding and nomination of Cores and WG leads

- Catalyst Fund 9 Proposals : 
    - Feel free to bring ideas and proposals, as of now there aren’t any on the table
    - Should ADAO get more involved in Catalyst governance ? 
    - Possible legal proposal by BlackDoge. here is a lot of disagreement over the best way to give a DAO legal entity status, own real world assets and IP, and assert legal rights.
    A lot of attorneys who I don’t side with on the topic believe you have to put a legal wrapper around the DAO. 
    Meanwhile, in most cases I prefer the method of not turning the DAO into a legal entity itself (because then in my opinion it’s a company and not a DAO) and instead have the DAO create foundations and LLCs that it controls by appointing Directors. 
    I’d like to get a survey of legal opinions on which model is better. And ideally compile it into a law review article and get it published by a top law school
    
    
- Clothes and gear :
    - There has been testing of a couple clothing options
        - Recommendation for kryptothreadz, a member of the cardano community doing custom apparel\
    - Calculations need to be done for amounts to order, for Rare Bloom and beyond… 

- Education working group : 
    - Working through discussions regarding how info/content is presented.  One voice v Multiple voices? Consistent animation styles? Etc.   
    - Seems the group is leaning more in favor of developing consistent, trusted content. 

 ** Shoutout to Gamechanger Wallet for the functional progress they are making ** 
