ADAO June 29th

The meeting follows a busy and successful Proof of Community Week. Thanks to everyone who contributed. 

A brief Roundtable training kicks things off.  It really is an excellent product and continues to amaze new users every time they experience its ease of use. 

Catalyst Fund 9 Proposals: 
	- In the general chat will be posted again the ADAO catalyst proposals. As deadlines approach, it is encouraged for members to review the proposals and give feedback. These proposals , if passed, provide the opportunity for contribution from many members. 
	- Lets continue to get these proposals reviewed and then visible to the greater community 

Development Update: 
	- Work continues in the refining and improvement of features on the existing tools.  Some extra focus will now shift over to the Staking Portal. 

Rare Bloom Event :
	- Still work to do regarding ADAO’s presence at Rare Bloom.  
	- This is shaping up to be a major event
	- reach out to Branding WG for more information 

ADAO NFT Project : 
	- Proof of Community Week NFTS are currently out there. 
	- Focus will now shift to the ADAO NFT project, which is currently receiving excellent feedback

Legal :
	- Work continues on the development of the Summon DAO side of operations. This will get us closer to being able to set up the Foundation necessary.  It is being found that a lot of freedom exists for ADAO to define themselves and not be forced through regulation/lack of regulation. 

Miscellaneous : 
	- There is interest in an Agora workshop 
	- ADAO would like to do multiple focused workshops that will improve knowledge and usability of many of ADAO’s tools. 
	- Introduction of NFT DAO by member Sebastian. 
	- There does not seem to be much attention/bother paid to Cardano hard forks and their deadlines. Work continues regardless. 
	- If Cardano every disappeared, where to from there?  - Ergo ? 
