# Meeting 2022-01-19

* Meeting began with an overview of activity regarding new collabs and work that is needed to be done. 
* RatsDAO collaboration is exciting. 

* We discuss how it is a GOOD thing that all of these projects are seeking out auditors to validate the quality of work. 

## Project Catalyst:
* The lack of clarity is causing headaches in the space.  
* Some members would like a more hands-on approach but there is also an argument in favor of IO being hands-off and allowing the community to sort it out.
* Bounty systems need to be created sooner than expected with the inflow of new members. 
  * _That will continue to be an area of needed attention._   
* As of now, ADAO is getting a better understanding of what types of tasks could be bounties and the different ways to grant value to the performer of the bounty. 

## Regarding compensation:
* **Does ADAO need to compensate similarly to other projects? For example,  compared to MLabs.**

**THE ADAO Medium article:  The first official ADAO publication**
https://medium.com/@ADAOcommunity/adao-community-introduction-5178f3434f98 


## Dev update: 
* Progress is Good. 
* Still need front-end help though or else we won’t be creating nice enough UI. 
* Our devs can implement a working front-end but it won't be aesthetically pleasing.
* Would be better to bring on more talented people. 

## Legal:
* Much progress has been made in the development of standards within ADAO. 
* There has also been a draft put on GitHub of the ADAO constitution. 
  * https://github.com/ADADAO/ADAO-Constitution/blob/master/ADAO-Constitution-v01.md
* Meeting with LexDAO, a DAO focussed on legal issues, has been set up.

## On-boarding and how to find new talent that ADAO needs:
* As more talent flows in, we need to be able to filter for skills while at the same time not turn anyone away for a perceived lack of skill. 
  * The challenge of letting people get in where they fit in. 

## YoctoDAO project: 
* In development and has the potential to serve as a model for the standards ADAO deploys and also looks for in collaborations 



## Updated server stats 2022-11-19:
* Server : 754
* Comm Members : 418
* ADAO Members : 226
