# Meeting 2022-02-24

## General information

**Congratulations on 1,000 server members!**

**_How will bounties be made going forward now that the retroactive bounties have been awarded?_**
- ADAO is exploring options on the best way to propose and create bounties.
- Member, Randall, has already created an attractive platform where you can creating proposals and finding bounties.  This site would be more secure than Miro, but Miro would still be a collaboration tool for working groups. 
- Github is also an option for proposals and bounties, although it does take some time getting used to.
- Any bounty site would be able to be found through the ADAO website and would be a subdomain of the main site. 


### Partnerships

**What are partnerships? How are they created in ADAO ?**
- Reference the ADAO Constitution Article V : 
    - _Section 5.2 - Negotiating Partnerships. The terms and conditions of Partnerships shall be negotiated by the Core Contributors and other Active Participants who may be selected. In order to respect the privacy of potential partners these discussions may be held in "closed-door" sessions that are not open to the public or general membership. However, no partnership agreement may be proposed without full details of what shall be built or provided by any organization taking part in the agreement._


#### CardanoSoundz
* **There will be an article created to announce the partnership with CardanoSoundz**


### Development
* Multi-signature solution is very close to being done, about 95%

### Marketing and Branding
* There is a need for a marketing campaign regarding the utility of the ADAO governance tokens. 
  * What do the tokens do? 
* Mutual agreement about the importance of displaying the treasury through a nice UI

### Legal 
* Attempts are being made to get the ADAO foundation funded. 
* There has been contact with IOG and the Cardano Foundation about any assistance/advice they can offer. 


### Project Catalyst: 
* **_Deadline for initial submittals is between Feb 24 - March 3_**
* Catalyst proposals will likely be created within individual working groups and not by the DAO as a whole. 
    - Much has been learned from the prior funding round:
        - proposers must “work” the process
        - Community advisor review rating is the most important 
          - work to recruit reviewers to your proposal to assure quality review
        - information in proposal needs to be clear, with visual aids to maximize impact

