### ED-WG: Meeting Minutes 2022-02-09

*Items that were agreed upon (or discussed):*

1. **Suggestion:** Miro (Kanban + move the educational miro board over to general one and be placed next to marketing wg) and Discord as the primary choices of tooling.

2. **Suggestion:** Weekly meetings on Wednesdays at 9 pm UTC – anyone in the wg with access can set the meetings up in the server.

3. **Suggestion:** Publish minutes after each meeting in GitHub - Help requested: Dilworth can sort that out.
	* **Member comment:** *Remember to get compensation for meeting minutes.*

4. **Discussion:** Education WG direction.

	* **Suggestion:** Everyone is free to prototype what they think will provide value (any kind of media/resources and meeting places). 
	
		* **Member question:** *How to create support?*
	
		* **Member question:** *How to make sure people don’t go overboard? Talk with one member to prototype. Some bounty for stuff that isn’t accepted – no special parameters but on a case by case situation.*
	
	* **Suggestion:** We vote before publishing and collaborate with each other, also collab across working groups (and may also have a core contributor vote in certain cases in the start before the wg becomes more autonomous).
	* **Suggestion:** We are liberal in the start with what we publish and then over time develop a more coordinated vision. Punctuation and grammar style should be formalized (Branding wg creating a style guide for this). Collab with branding and marketing for coordination.
5. **Suggestion:**
	* a) We curate already existing material
		
	* b) we ‘fork’ already existing material (and reference the original)
		
	* c) when necessary we can create our own original work from scratch.

6. **Suggestion:** We have two primary audiences, those who might want to participate in a DAO and those who would like to build a DAO (which can include ADAO itself!). 
	* **Addition:** A point was raised about the importance of tutorials.

*Note: there were perhaps some discussions after the minutes had been taken. However, it was a highly effective two-hour session.*