### The Educational Working Group Meeting Minutes

*Meeting Minutes 2022-02-23*

<details>

<summary>Our Miro Board Organisation</summary>

*Organisation Via Miro Board (this was done effectively, it was felt it was worth mentioning in case anyone may benefit from a similar approach):*

* The Miro board (organised prior to the meeting) steered the meeting superbly.
	* A number of issues and/or discussion points were visible as sticky notes.
	* Individuals could register interest in any given topic using colour.
	* Individual names on sticky notes along with colour represented their interest in:
		* Getting involved (Green)
		* Supporting (Blue)
		* No Opinion (White)
		* Opposes (Red)

</details>

<details>

<summary>Discussion Overview</summary>

### Discussion Overview

* *Some topics discussed were mutual exclusivity whilst others were not.*
	* *e.g: where learning materials are to be presented & different paths to learning materials, respectively.*
* **Learning** - collaborative workshops raised as a suggestion.
* **Voting** - Arrow's Impossibility Theorem.
* **Crossover between working groups** - marketing, education.
* **Learn To Earn (L2E)** - Likely great for people entering the space (with enthusiasm).
* **Gamification** - This could work great, awarding badges, tokens, etc.
* **Extention** - Psychology of progression 'self-mastery', talent-tree-esque, branching from one step to the next whilst being rewarded & you would be able to demonstrate that you have earned those rewards.
* **Motivation** - getting people motivated by telling stories (our own stories).
* **Library** - where to place resources?
* **Learning Paths** - how to direct individuals towards resources?
* **Information Retrieval (IR)** - how to minimise time to find the desired outcome.

</details>

### TLDR

We discussed:

* Principles that our group would like to adopt: liberal with oversight, work on what we enjoy, freely prototype, respect, early consent by at least one member.
* Mechanisms for learning, audio, visual, text, interactive, workshops.
* Learning frameworks for participants VS builders.
* Learning material resource placement and learning paths (how to get to materials, different user journeys).
* Various strategies of using education for marketing purposes.
* Social media platforms.
* Hashtag: DAOLife.
* Narrative based marketing.
* Catalyst: the possibility for funding via video & media.
* Actionables.

### Principles That Were Discussed

* The Working Group Would Like To Take A Somewhat Liberal Approach To Work.
* Ideally, people would like to work on what they enjoy.
* Freely Prototype - Speak with at least one other person in the working group.

### Learning

*General discussion on learning styles, varying ideas about how we could implement educational frameworks and styles for others, participants or builders.*

* **Member Comment:** Stories Visuals & Anecdotes - people learn differently, we need to cater for everybody - people learn in different ways.

* **Member Comment:** Participants VS Builders, may need to take varying approaches depending on the audience type (of which we primarily have two).

* **Member Comment:** Making DAOs much more relatable to individuals who have no technical background is important.

* **Member Comment:** Really cool idea on NFTs - decentralisation in a visual format - educational NFTs?

* **Member Comment:** Similar to 'decentralisation together' - we should be 'learning together' - utilise a network of DAOs (and partnerships) to help each other with educational 'packages' that we could provide them with, they could also provide us with their experiences (pain points, so on and so forth).

* **Member Comment:** Thoughts on Overview & Rabbit Hole: TLDR Overview + A deeper dive. Start at a high level of abstraction, then branch (using any interface/mechanism).

### Resource Placement (Library, Learning Paths, IR, Motivation)

*How could we implement learning tools and where should resources be kept?*

* **Member Comment:** Website (Within WordPress)
	* Ibis excellent with copy
	* Natural progression

* **Member Comment:** A knowledge base
	* Integrated IR tool (e.g. SphinxSearch for full-text search)
	* Additional filtering mechanisms
	* Built for individuals who know what they're looking for
	* Interoperable with a learning path tool

* **Member Comment:** Learning paths do not need to be mutually exclusive (e.g. call-to-action for learning can be integrated into Discord via a chatbot & via a website chatbot).

* **Member Comment:** A website blog or medium articles should be linked to.

### Soft Marketing: Education (Social Media, Gamification, L2E)

*Elaborating on possible strategies, concerns about platforms, narrative-based marketing.*

* **Member Comment:** various strategies could be adopted here. For example:

	1. Go to this YT Video
	2. Go to this Twitter Space
	3. Get these information sources
	4. Complete the puzzle
	5. Earn rewards (GovTokens?)

* **Member Comment:** do not put all your eggs in one basket.
* **Member Comment:** A good idea may be social media redundancy (platforms).
* **Member Comment:** Overlap between IG / Twitter / Marketing.
* **Member Comment:** We could apply some soft marketing through narrative:

	* Our own journeys are valuable insofar as they provide a narrative. If anybody feels as though they have a story to tell, they're encouraged to do so!

* **Member Comment:** Catalyst for film & media should be considered:
	* possible tik-tok videos
	* possible proposal for HQ videos (storytelling & misc)
	* ADAO Education Videos for all DAOs on Cardano?
	* Who is making Cardano materials? Who can we collaborate with? (for video)

* **Member Comment:** The idea of #daolife:
	* DAO Life - Journal
		* What is my life like - whilst being in a DAO
		* I hate working for big businesses
		* I want to work for myself
		* I've found a community
		
* **Member Comment:** The use of DAOLife as a hashtag

* **Member Comment:** It may be a good idea for some individuals (who would like to) to create 'their story' (compelling narrative-based, links to storytelling).

* **Member Summary:** in regards to platforms:
	* Youtube
	* Spotify (Possibly)
	* Website (IR Hub)
	* Website (General Articles)
	* WebApp (path-based learning)
	* Discord
	* Twitter
	* Instagram
		* Short Form
		* Long Form

## Actionables

**Website:**

* Ibis
* Barboski
* Dilworth
* Sweeny

*This becomes part of our bounty for the next 2 months.*

**Let's get together and have a chat about this.**

**Organising the learning experience:**

* Library
* Indexing
* Tags

**Barboski** - Would like to curate text materials & help with compiling a library, then publishing, tagging, indexing, etc.

**Kay** - If anyone needs a hand with anything, get in touch.

**Barboski** - Mentioned he would be able to lend a helping hand.

**Kay, TCT** - Twitter Spaces.

**Working Group** - Review Google Document Whenever Possible.