### ED-WG Meeting Minutes 2022-02-16

*Warning, this is almost a kind of transcript. A very effective hour and a half. Thus, see TLDR.*

#### TLDR

* Miro > GitHub.
* Use GitHub to PR minutes & important docs into Documents.
* Begin indexing library & creating a knowledge base of sorts (easy to navigate materials for path-based learning).
* Open forum gravitated towards educational materials for marketing for the most part.
* Methods of improving engagement, maybe a good idea for marketing to work closely with education in order to produce an actual campaign.
* Clear messaging is important.
* How about some additional infographics?
* Catalyst funding came up.
* More on path-based learning.
* See actionables.

#### Official Meeting Minutes

* **Suggestion:** Provide educational materials (specifically for ADAO members) for *all ADAO members* and especially **ADAO Active Contributors** on how to use GitHub, such that all working groups can participate in adding any important documents to GitHub if required.

	* **Member Comment:** *Perhaps it would be a good idea to mirror any details about meeting minutes (and important documents) to Miro as it's much easier to use than GitHub, then any comments can be collected and merged into the central repo.*
	
	* **Member Comment:** *It may be helpful to have some basic resources on how to navigate GitHub.*
	
	* **Member Comment:** *It is easy enough to look up documentation, but reviewing Pull Requests and the processes behind commenting on issues, and so forth is quite confusing.*

* **Discussion:** What kind of topics are to be discussed within the educational working group? The term 'education' appears to be pretty broad.

	* **Member Comment:** *From the perspective of ADAO, the education working group has a number of responsibilities:*
	
		1. *Curating educational materials on DAOs (and possibly 'crypto' in general, but the primary focus being DAOs).*
		2. *Indexing those educational materials and creating an internal library that can be easily navigated for self-directed learners (within ADAO).*
		3. *Providing the ability for different levels of learners to perform 'information retrieval' and find answers to their questions about DAOs.*
		4. *Working with other groups to obtain an overview of the resources available within the educational space and to try and create new materials which can be used within marketing campaigns to attract new people to the project.*
		5. *To create materials specifically for marketing.*
		6. **Potentially engaging within some degree of research** *in order to help in building out effective tooling.*
		7. *To help inform the public as to the advantages of decentralisation and DAOs in general.*

* **Discussion:** After having indexed these materials, how exactly are we going to present these materials to individuals? How are they going to navigate these materials?

	* **Member Comment:** *This could be accomplished in multiple ways, but the first step would simply be to index these materials and categorise them into various tiers, which would open the door to a kind of 'path based' learning approach.*
	
	* **Member Suggestion:** *We could index the materials and rank them in multiple ways. Tagging them initially with:*
	
		1. *Newcomer Knowledge.*
		2. *Limited Background Knowledge.*
		3. *Intermediate Knowledge.*
		4. *For Devs / Case Studies of Current Implementations.*
		5. *For Research (Papers).*

	* **Additional:** *An interface for retrieving relevant information given a path based learning approach is yet to be discussed.*

* **Suggestion:** Is a small group of educational working group members are happy to collaborate (given that they have some time to do so) in order to begin indexing the curated materials?

	* **Additional:** *Dilworth, Tommy & Allusian are happy to volunteer some time to do this. Dilworth is happy to take the lead. Once meeting minutes are published, this will be next on the TO-DO list and a thread can be opened within education to begin a discussion. Ideally, we're looking at a timeline of one week to two weeks, however, we reserve the ability to revise this after fully evaluating the requirements.*

<hr />

* **Open Forum:** At this point we move over to an open forum. We moved a little bit away from Education, although it's still certainly relevant - a discussion regarding marketing ensued.

	* **Member Comment:** Thoughts/discussion associated with the intersection between education and marketing (publishing articles, from a marketing campaign standpoint).
	
		1. **Member Comment:** *Potentially we would need a bit of a chat with the marketing working group to see what kind of materials they require to beef out any current marketing campaigns or strategies.*
	
		2. **Member Comment:** *If we were to start working more closely with marketing, it may be a good idea to begin to measure what kind of materials are most attractive to bring people towards the project. However, it does raise the point: what kind of people are we looking for? You may see a high click-through rate on an article that promotes the use of DAOs as fantastic financial instruments (in some cases), but that may capture the attention of 'opportunists' within the space. Is this something we want to promote?*
	
		3. **Additional Thought:** *It may be a good idea to do some research here, what is most likely to bring in people who have aligned incentives with our project. This could be done through polls, questionnaires, Google Trends, examination of tweets (Twitter streaming API + sentiment analysis?), open to suggestions.*
		
	* **Member Comment:** How could we present this marketing material (which would consist of educational material) in such a fashion that would lead to increased engagement with our project?
	
		* **Additional:** *Which Social Media platforms could we use?*
		
		* **Additional:** *How could we construct a marketing campaign?*
		
		* **Member Comment:** *The way in which newspapers present information is strategic and is known as an 'inverted pyramid' structure. This accomplishes the goal of drawing people in using a headline, then presents additional details in finer granularity as the publication continues. A similar style could be adopted when presenting marketing and/or educational material via social media outlets, but it is important to present appropriate 'call-to-action' within this structure, as to not lose the reader and to have them continue to engage. Having said this, this is not the only way to present information.*
		
		* **Member Comment:** *Insofar as marketing is concerned, we should look to have content back-logged & be ready to schedule for various social media platforms.*
		
		* **Member Comment:** *We could do with a content calendar to try and attract new talent.*
		
	* **Member Comment:** We need to try and get together and create a clearer message for individuals (insofar as marketing and education are concerned).
	
		* **Member Comment:** *We should be portraying that this is a service DAO - a DAO toolset, it was proposed that this could be done through the use of graphics and visual aids. This would include:*
		
			1. *Templates*
			2. *Legal Information* **(Not Offical Advise!)**
			2. *Governance Information*
			3. *Bounty Programs*

		* **Additional:** *It may be difficult for people to get a clear picture of what exactly it is that we're doing as a project. If we can get together and clear that up and work together to present a clear set of objectives, that would be good.*
		
		* **Additional:** *Conveying: what problem are we actually solving for others? This would be very important if we enter into another catalyst proposal.*
		
		* **Member Comment:** *Infographics brought up, visual formats or alternative formats are good.*
		
		* **Member Comment:** *Our previous Catalyst proposal was pretty much a wall of words, maybe some alternative approaches may be better?*
		
		* **Member Comment:** *Perhaps it would also be a good idea to present information in other languages.*
		
		* **Member Comment:** *There are so many Catalyst proposals, nobody is going to read every one! So to get your message across, alternative methods of conveying information would be great. Twitter spaces, Twitter threads, alternative SM platforms, etc - may be better.*
		
	* **Member Comment:** To follow up on the above conversation, we're pivoting more towards marketing (the point was made, but we decided to follow this conversation through). If we're thinking about marketing and education, the approach that is typically taken (or was typically taken, this may be somewhat outdated now) is that you design an effective marketing campaign. Some additional points were made as to how to do that. We'll be opening conversations regarding how we could do this and whether we would like to do this moving forwards.
	
	* **Member Comment:** Touching on the importance of copy-right.

		* **Additional:** *Based on my experience insofar as reposting content, people are usually quite happy to have their content reposted, you just need to drop them a DM and usually (as it promotes their product, etc) - they're more than happy to have their materials reposted. However, I DOUBT there is anything out there on DAOs that this would really apply to...*

	* **Member Comment:** We should likely try and combine a meeting between Marketing & Education to discuss some of these points.
	
	* **Member Comment:** It may be a good idea to start also start targeting other audiences. For example, the younger generation, since we believe that these novel organisational structures are the future.
	
	* **Member Comment:** Let's not depend on the marketing working group to produce any content, or to necessarily ask for content that they may need. Just go ahead and produce whatever you're comfortable producing. Also, feel free to put content out there yourself & if it's appropriate ADAO will pick it up and release it.
	
	* **Members Comment:** Sometimes the best information on DAOs is found through a simple Google docs spreadsheet or written document that just outlines a bunch of links and some comments on how the links (and the articles they point to) fit into a category of some sort.
	
		* **Additional:** *Sounds like an extremely effective form of information retrieval :) I think we can likely do better - I already have some ideas in regards to how we could index curated and created content and present it nicely. Whether or not it is worth pursuing, we'll see what people think. Having a little bit of a background in data science, a knowledge base with an integrated search engine wouldn't be too difficult to throw together, ping Dilworth a DM for an example search engine I've previously written. Whilst this would provide an interface that is likely better than a google doc, I don't really know if that is within the scope of our project.*
		
	* **Members Comment:** Miro > Other Tooling, in general.
	
	* **Members Comment:** It may be a good idea to ask for more funding from Catalyst if we're going to seriously pursue the educational side of things here (on behalf of ADAO).
	
		* **Members Sentiment:** *General Agreement!*
		
	* **Members Comment:** Hates suggesting that there should be a catalyst working group, but it may be a good idea to create a time to discuss making an effort towards looking at creating a catalyst proposal.
	
	* **Members Comment:** Path-based learning conversation - this was brought it previously within the context of marketing. But we can get this down as an actionable (a real discussion on implementing a path based learning system, however, I don't know how much something like that would be part of ADAOs mission? Up for debate & discussion at least).

	* **Additional Member Comment:** Happy to help with curating the library as well. I had a thought to categorize the podcasts, Twitter feeds, YouTube videos, etc., but I like your idea of sorting into “difficulty” levels.

<hr />
	
### Actionables:

* **Create Minutes (pseudo-transcript, pretty detailed notes).**
	* Owner: Dilworth
	* Done.

* **Create TLDR for minutes.**
	* Owner: Dilworth
	* Done.

* **Take a vote on: do we need some basic internal materials for using GitHub as an ADAO active contributor?**
	* Collaborative Decision? I believe we'll always use it for minutes.

* **Index materials that already exist within the ADAO library.**
	* Owners: Dilworth, Tommy & Allusian.
	* Lead: Dilworth.

* **Discussion with marketing: strategy &/or campaign? Worth pursuing? Share insights.**
	* If anyone would like to volunteer insofar as organising this, that would be great, otherwise Dilworth will drop a message around a few people to see when they're free. Ideally, if someone else could pick this up?

* **Organise a meeting for Catalyst based discussion.**
	* Quasar, are you good to pick this up, or is anyone open to volunteering?

* **Discussion surrounding path-based learning approaches & UIs for tools such as an indexed knowledge base.**
	* Group discussion - Dilworth will bring this up in a thread when he gets a moment.

* **Contact Tommy & Allusian about indexing materials.**
	* Owners: Dilworth, Tommy, Allusian.
	* Lead: Dilworth.

* **If we're going to use GitHub and regularly make PRs containing important documents, perhaps we should have an event (webhook) that pushes the PR for the appropriate working group chat + manually mirror to Miro (up for debate).**
	* Group Discussion.
	
	
	
	